---
sidebar_position: -1
---

# Samples

## Add comment in cell

Adds comments to spreadsheets.

[More](add-comment-in-cell.md)

## Add custom fields

Inserts custom fields into the document.

[More](add-custom-fields.md)

## Autocomplete

Helps the user to input text quickly.

[More](autocomplete.md)

## Chess

Inserts a Chess Board object into the document editor.

[More](chess.md)

## Clippy

Adds the clippy assistant to the document editor.

[More](clippy.md)

## Context menu and events

Tracks the events of calling the context menu and clicking on its items. It also tracks the cursor position change.

[More](context-menu-and-events.md)

## Count words and characters

Counts paragraphs, words and characters.

[More](count-words-and-characters.md)

## Extended comments

Pastes, edits and removes comments and replies (with user data) in a document.

[More](extended-comments.md)

## Get and paste html

Gets the document content as HTML code.

[More](get-and-paste-html.md)

## Hello World

Inserts the *Hello world!* phrase into the document.

[More](hello-world.md)

## Highlight code

Connects the Highlight.js library for highlighting the code syntax.

[More](highlight-code.md)

## Invoices

Inserts template fields for invoice information.

[More](invoices.md)

## Language tool

Connects the LanguageTool assistant to check the text for grammar, style and spell errors.

[More](language-tool.md)

## Load custom fields

Loads custom fields from the document.

[More](load-custom-fields.md)

## Move cursor

Moves the text cursor to the document start/end.

[More](move-cursor.md)

## OCR

Connects the TesseractJS-Core library for extracting text from an image.

[More](ocr.md)

## Photo Editor

Connects the Toast UI Image Editor for editing images right in the document.

[More](photo-editor.md)

## Search and change text background color

Searches for text and changes its background color.

[More](search-and-change-text-background-color.md)

## Search & replace

Searches the text and replaces it with another one.

[More](search-and-replace.md)

## Search & replace on start

Searches and replaces text in the document when it is reopened.

[More](search-and-replace-on-start.md)

## Settings

Protects a document using a watermark.

[More](settings.md)

## Speech

Connects the guessLanguage.js library and the ResponsiveVoice service.

[More](speech.md)

## Symbol Table

Inserts special symbols into the document.

[More](symbol-table.md)

## Telegram

Connects the Telegram within ONLYOFFICE editors.

[More](telegram.md)

## Templates

Inserts templates generated by the Document Builder script.

[More](templates.md)

## Thesaurus

Connects Big Huge Thesaurus to search for word synonyms and antonyms.

[More](thesaurus.md)

## Translator

Connects Google Translate API for translating the selected text.

[More](translator.md)

## Typograf

Connects the Typograf assistant which prepares text for publishing.

[More](typograf.md)

## Work with content controls content

Inserts the content of one content control into another.

[More](work-with-content-controls-content.md)

## Work with content controls navigation

Navigates content controls, selects and inserts text into them.

[More](work-with-content-controls-navigation.md)

## Work with content controls tags

Gets the list of content controls tags.

[More](work-with-content-controls-tags.md)

## YouTube

Embeds YouTube videos into the documents.

[More](youtube.md)

## Zotero

Creates bibliographies in ONLYOFFICE editors.

[More](zotero.md)
