# Document

The document section defines the document parameters.

## fileType

**type:** `string`

The type of the file for the source viewed or edited document. Must be lowercase. The available values depend on the [documentType](../config.md#documenttype):

- `doc`, `docm`, `docx`, `dot`, `dotm`, `dotx`, `epub`, `fb2`, `fodt`, `hml`, `htm`, `html`, `hwp`, `hwpx`, `md`, `mht`, `mhtml`, `odt`, `ott`, `pages`, `rtf`, `stw`, `sxw`, `txt`, `wps`, `wpt`, `xml` — for documents;
- `csv`, `et`, `ett`, `fods`, `numbers`, `ods`, `ots`, `sxc`, `xls`, `xlsb`, `xlsm`, `xlsx`, `xlt`, `xltm`, `xltx`, `xml` — for spreadsheets;
- `dps`, `dpt`, `fodp`, `key`, `odg`, `odp`, `otp`, `pot`, `potm`, `potx`, `pps`, `ppsm`, `ppsx`, `ppt`, `pptm`, `pptx`, `sxi` — for presentations;
- `djvu`, `oxps`, `pdf`, `xps` — for portable document format;
- `vsdm`, `vsdx`, `vssm`, `vssx`, `vstm`, `vstx` — for diagrams.

:::info
If omitted, the file type is automatically inferred from the [`documentType`](../config.md#documenttype) value. If both `fileType` and `documentType` are omitted, an error will occur.
:::

**Example**: `"docx"`

## isForm

**type:** `boolean`

Whether to open the PDF file as a form. Applies when `fileType` is `pdf`. If this parameter is not specified, then the [internal checking of PDF files](../../../get-started/how-it-works/checking-pdf-forms.md) is started.

**Example**: `true`

## key

**type:** `string` | **required**

The unique document identifier used by the service to recognize the document. If a known key is sent, the document will be taken from the cache. Every time the document is edited and saved, the key must be generated anew.

:::note
The key must be unique for all independent services connected to the same document server. Otherwise, the service may open someone else's file from the editor cache. If multiple third-party integrators are connected to the same document server, they must also provide a unique key.
 
The key characters can be used: `0-9`, `a-z`, `A-Z`, `-.\_=`. The maximal key length is **128** characters.
:::

**Example**: `"Khirz6zTPdfd7"`

## referenceData

**type:** `object`

An object that is generated by the integrator to uniquely identify a file in its system.

**Example**:

``` json
{
  "fileKey": "BCFA2CED",
  "instanceId": "https://example.com"
}
```
  
### referenceData.fileKey

**type:** `string`

The unique document identifier used by the service to get a link to the file. It must not be changed when the document is edited and saved (i.e. it is not equal to the [document.key](#key) parameter).

**Example**: `"BCFA2CED"`

### referenceData.instanceId

**type:** `string`

The unique system identifier. If the data was copied from a file on one system, and inserted into a file on another, then pasting by link will not be available and there will be no corresponding button in the context menu.

**Example**: `"https://example.com"`

## title

**type:** `string`

The desired file name for the viewed or edited document which will also be used as file name when the document is downloaded. The length is limited to 128 characters. If not specified or empty, defaults to `"Unnamed.{fileType}"` (e.g. `"Unnamed.docx"`).

**Example**: `"Example Document Title.docx"`

## url

**type:** `string` | **required**

The absolute URL where the source viewed or edited document is stored. Be sure to add a [token](../../../get-started/how-it-works/security.md) when using local links. Otherwise, an error will occur.

**Example**: `"https://example.com/url-to-example-document.docx"`

## info

**type:** `object`

The [info](info.md) section defines the document info parameters.

## permissions

**type:** `object`

The [permissions](permissions.md) section defines the document permission parameters.

## Example

``` ts
const config = {
  // ...
  document: {
    fileType: "pdf",
    isForm: true,
    key: "Khirz6zTPdfd7",
    referenceData: {
      fileKey: "BCFA2CED",
      instanceId: "https://example.com",
    },
    title: "Example Title.pdf",
    url: "https://example.com/url-to-example-document.pdf",
    info: {
      // ...
    },
    permissions: {
      // ...
    },
  },
};

const docEditor = new DocsAPI.DocEditor("placeholder", config);
```

The **example.com** is the name of the server where **document manager** and **document storage service** are installed. See the [How it works](../../../get-started/how-it-works/how-it-works.md) section to find out more on ONLYOFFICE Docs service client-server interactions.
