---
sidebar_position: -7
---

# Go example

## Overview

This example will help you integrate ONLYOFFICE Docs into your web application written in Go.

:::caution
It is intended for testing purposes and demonstrating functionality of the editors. **DO NOT** use this integration example on your own server without proper code modifications. In case you enabled the test example, disable it before going to production.
:::

## Important security info

Please keep in mind the following security aspects when you are using test examples:

- There is no protection of the storage from unauthorized access since there is no need for authorization.
- There are no checks against parameter substitution in links, since the parameters are generated by the code according to the pre-arranged scripts.
- There are no data checks in requests of saving the file after editing, since each test example is intended for requests only from ONLYOFFICE Docs.
- There are no prohibitions on using test examples from other sites, since they are intended to interact with ONLYOFFICE Docs from another domain.

## Step 1. Install ONLYOFFICE Docs

Download and install ONLYOFFICE Docs (packaged as Document Server).

[Get ONLYOFFICE Docs](https://www.onlyoffice.com/download-docs.aspx?from=api#docs-developer)

See the detailed guide to learn how to install Document Server [for Windows](https://helpcenter.onlyoffice.com/installation/docs-developer-install-windows.aspx).

## Step 2. Download the Go code for the editors integration

Download the archive with the Go example and unpack the archive, or get the source code directly from [GitHub](https://github.com/ONLYOFFICE/document-server-integration/tree/master/web/documentserver-example/go):

``` sh
curl --output Go.Example.zip --location https://github.com/ONLYOFFICE/document-server-integration/releases/latest/download/Go.Example.zip
unzip Go.Example.zip
```

Change the current directory for the project directory:

``` sh
cd "Go Example"
```

To connect the editors to your website, specify the path to the editors installation, server protocol, address and port in the *configuration.env* file:

``` ini
SERVER_ADDRESS=http(s)://address (optional)
SERVER_PORT=port

DOC_SERVER_HOST=http://documentserver/

JWT_IS_ENABLED=flag
JWT_SECRET=secret
JWT_HEADER=Authorization
```

where the `documentserver` is the name of the server with the ONLYOFFICE Docs installed. You can [register](https://www.onlyoffice.com/docs-registration.aspx?from=api) a free ONLYOFFICE Cloud and use its public IP address or public DNS that can be found in the **Instances** section of the cloud console.
`address` is the address of the server, `port` is the server port.

If you want to experiment with the editor configuration, modify the [parameters](/docs/docs-api/usage-api/advanced-parameters.md) in the *templates/editor.html* file.

## Step 3. Install the prerequisites
To run the Go example code, install the Go compiler:

* Go (download from the [Go lang website](https://golang.org/))

## Step 4. Set environment variables

Having installed the compiler, update the Golang environment variables:

``` ini
export GOPATH=$HOME/go
export PATH=$PATH:$GOPATH/bin
export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin
```

## Step 5. Configure JWT 

Open the *config/configuration.json* file and enable JWT:

``` json
{
    "JWT_IS_ENABLED": true
}
```

Also, [specify the same secret key](https://helpcenter.onlyoffice.com/installation/docs-configure-jwt.aspx) as used in your ONLYOFFICE Docs: 

``` json
{
    "JWT_SECRET": "secret"
}
```

## Step 6. Start the application

1. Go to the project root.
2. Run:

    ``` sh 
    go run main.go
    ```

3. In your browser go to `server.address` and `server.port`.

## Step 7. Check accessibility

In case the example and ONLYOFFICE Docs are installed on different computers, make sure that your server with the example installed has access to the ONLYOFFICE Docs with the address which you specify instead of `documentserver` in the configuration files.
